I appreciate it. I I I will share this
on Tik Tok. [laughter]
>> Okay.
>> I am well aware that $225
is [music]
expensive for many people. H but it's
not overvalued by any means. Like you
cannot get this information anywhere
else in the internet.
>> Yeah. [music] Exactly. And
>> it's really I would say it's even low
price in terms of this information. If
you [music] see at mentorships they
already cost some like TJ hours. So want
thousands of dollars for his mentorship
or Paul wants like also 200 uh uh euros
just to come into his discord where he
has some videos for example. So your
book is really [music]
underpriced actually for this
information that it gives out in my
opinion.